Anonymous 09/02/23(Sat)19:13:38 No.95755380▶>>95755474 >>95755896
File: 1693656799576.png (723 KB, 1059x929)
723 KB
Buy a thinkpad x230 and install heads. Heads is a lot more secure than standard bios or uefi and unlike Libreboot it provides measured boot. Write protect the flash chip. put nail polish on the screws and take high resolution pictures to ensure signs of tampering. Do NOT use a HDD or SSD. These have DMA so a malicious firmware could do a lot of damage, use of USB is preferred since they do not have DMA. Completely remove the microphone, sound card, webcam and the WWAN card from the laptop. Remove the fan to prevent binary acoustic data transmission. Replace the default wifi card with a supported atheros card. Disable wifi when not in use. Make your own independent Linux distro. Most Linux distros value covenience over security and will thus never have good security. Your only option is to make your own. Use musl instead of glibc, Libressl instead of openssl, sinit instead of systemd, oksh instead of bash to reduce attack surface. Enable as little kernel modules as possible to reduce attack surface. Use a hardened memory allocator. Apply strong SELinux and sandboxing policies. Restrict the root account heavily to make sure it never gets compromised. Disable JavaScript and CSS in your browser. Block all FAGMAN domains in your hosts file. Monitor all network requests. Do not use a phone. Never speak near anyone who owns a phone, they are always listening. Never use any technology made after 2008 except for technology which can be corebooted/librebooted and is not skylake onwards. Never leave your devices unattended. Tape triple layer aluminum foil all around your room as ghetto tempest shielding. Type really quietly as defense against audio keylogging. Use ecc ram to minimize rowhammer and rambleed. Encrypt everything multiple times with various different encryption implementations. Compile everything from source. Use hardened compilation flags. Always read through the code before installing something if possible. Only use the internet when necessary.
